and good morning everyone and welcome to
another week at Cambridge
it is now week three and things are
starting to get quite busy like the
coming week I've got lots of work to
hand in and also lots of social
activities so it's gonna be interesting
how I juggle those other minute I'm a
bit stressed well like yesterday I was
so stressed I've been having so many
issues with my laptop my MacBook Air
it's annoying what I'm trying to stress
panics I'm like it's just a laptop page
it's just a laptop like worse things
have happened but like literally I was
on the verge of tears yesterday when I
realized I Microsoft Office let's stop
walking to you feels like great watney's
X Ellicott news word so it's useless for
a uni work it's also useless for editing
videos at the moment because of an issue
with the photos and imports and iCloud
and I think between lectures this
morning I'm gonna have another look at
it and see if it's anything I can sort
it looks likely that I'm gonna have to
go back up to the Apple store this
afternoon to top things off I didn't get
a good night's sleep last night because
the person in the room next door to me
it has their bathroom and it backs on
like to my bed is so whenever they use
their bathroom whenever they run their
sink whenever they have a shower
whenever they do anything in the
bathroom I hear it really clearly when
I'm in bed and they have a habit of
going to bed like quite late like
midnight and I'll be in bed then and I
get woken up every time I know it's not
their fault because you know they didn't
design the place they didn't design that
their bathroom backing onto my bed is so
like no blame on them at all and sure
they're entirely free to go to bed
whenever they want but I think they
should have a curfew or say 10:00 p.m.
each night yeah anything else eh no I
think I'm gonna run off to lectures now
because I'm running late it's a busy day
as we know I'm behind homeworks I spent
most of my time with the Apple Store the
last few days so I'm gonna get going
so I'm running late and finding out I
forgot my bike helmet then I dropped my
key card to my room downstairs so it's a
run down the stairs truth retrieved my
keycard
run back up grab my bike helmet run back
down and now we're going to the bikes
Timms with me so at least I'll be late
with someone else so it's fine
it's cool I reckon we'll get there on
time we can cycle quickly as each other
missing engine he chose a fast cyclist
as well he'll be there with time to
spare
right I'm gonna sign off and get going
to this lecture it's 9:02 and we're here
that's basically nine o'clock cause it's
fine okay so that's the first lecture I
quite like this lecture explain things
play tim's complaining about the room
because the room does have some effect
on you that makes you wanna fall asleep
it's also very early are we going to
break the bond boy system today - we're
going to break the one way system and go
out the in entrance to the lecture
theatre don't tell anyone
so we think those people might be
constantly on to the fact that there's a
pretty good live we had to go to between
lectures and we're a bit upset because
one of there's not enough tables and
seats for everyone we're gonna have to
sneak here in the future so no one's
people are going and here we have me
struggling and trying to figure out the
issue with my macbook air spoiler alert
I failed
okay so changed a plan I have now left
the library and I'm heading to the Apple
Store
okay so good news I think I've sorted it
I've now seen three people at the Apple
Genius Bar I think their combined Apple
technology has sorted out ways you and I
can now edit my videos so I'm so
relieved I then went to two more
lectures that morning I'm featuring you
guys okay so I am just heading to cap I
was going to make a sandwich for lunch
then I realized Willis looking for the
staircase this evening and he's likely
to poison us with his food so I'm going
to have a sandwich this evening as a
backup and going to cap now okay so this
afternoon I've got a fair few
supervision questions I want to get
through
I just want to belittle my work today so
I can have a nice relaxed weekend I've
got a lot of plans for the weekend I'm
seeing my family I've got a swap
tomorrow evening which you'll see more
of later in the video I'm sure and
there's just lots of things planned for
the weekend so I don't know how much
work I'm going to fit in at the weekend
so I need to get ahead with my work
right now so basically the aim is to get
as many questions as I can possibly get
done this afternoon
we'll see how it goes
[Music]
hello so earlier on I finished my work
and I went and hand in and since then
I've actually been editing a video since
the first day I can actually edit a
video since forever cuz my Mac is
finally fixed so oh my god let me show
you this he's so happy that these clips
are all in iMovie timeline like this is
all I've wanted and ah thank God it's
Friday night tonight which means it's
staircase Friday night dinner and will
is cooking as I mentioned earlier so
apparently he's doing some sort of
mushroom risotto eller is kind of
supervising she has taken him to
Sainsbury's to help him buy ingredients
I believe they might be cooking it now
I'm actually gonna go down and see how
everything's going and wait for food
because I'm really hungry
here is chef number one and here's chef
number two I've just spoken to my
parents on the phone and I've had some
chocolate biscuits as well actually just
to finish off my dinner say that was
good and now I'm gonna get back to some
work I've got a few more physics bits
and pieces I want to get done this
evening it's already quarter past nine
there so I'm not gonna stay up too late
I have got a gap fairly early tomorrow
morning because I've got a super vision
at 9:45 not fun like I thought my days
of working on Saturdays were over like
last year I had Saturday lectures I
don't have lectures on Saturdays anymore
which is nice I was like wait fine it's
great I have no contact hours on a
Saturday but what they've done they've
given me a super villain on Saturday
this week and it's in the morning but it
should be fine because straight after
the supervision I can go to brunch and
that'll make me feel better so it turns
out it's a cruel cruel world and the
cafeteria brunch was actually cancelled
the next day and I suppose it will get
me out for the day
so you haven't gonna get going with some
what now hopefully I can be ahead for
the weekend huh a head of work page that
was wishful thinking but top marks for
effort I suppose
[Music]
okay so I've just realized that I
haven't done my laundry today and I'm
about to run out clothes so let's cut to
the laundry room hello everyone and
welcome to the new and improved laundry
segment now as you might know I am a bit
of a laundry Queen I am the laundry
master at Cambridge I feel like I'm very
good at it today I have a laundry
apprentice with me hello
so one of the best parts about this year
is that we have a laundry room in the
staircase
Paige I do kind of coordinate highlights
so I can see good morning up I've just
got my cereal the classic shreddies of
course I'm a bit put out because I went
down to the kitchen this morning and was
pouring my milk from a cereal and I was
like wait this bottle is only half full
I bought this bottle like two days ago
and I've actually only had one bowl of
cereal with it so far it was like surely
I don't have that much milk so I tested
I mean I measured how much I poured out
for this bowl of cereal which is exactly
sounds I want to have the other day a
fraction of the amount so someone is
using my milk and like I wouldn't
usually mine like a more than happy to
share milk with people I actually think
buying group milk is a much better idea
than buying them individually and that
is what we'd been doing but like in the
past week a lot of people have just been
like you know dropping down of it and
now they're stealing my milk what's that
about
so yeah I've made it know of what the
level is now I'm gonna be keeping an eye
out for any future people taking a milk
so beware guys I am totally on it and
that's that okay so I'm just about to
head off to my supervision this morning
it's for an hour and a quarter and it's
for one of my physics modules okay so
I'm now back from my super I've been
back for a while actually I've been it
just going over some electric fields
notes I hold my laundry up got out the
washing machine hung it up and I've also
been doing a bit of admin stuff yeah I'm
gonna go get lunch now cuz I'm feeling
quite peckish you know I don't actually
remember what I have in the fridge so I
hope I have something for lunch right
that's my bread that's good start oh my
god I forgot I got this I got my cruel
pate this is the realities of student
life like the fridge is bare I have
nothing
do a Sainsbury's trip it's fine my
parents are coming tomorrow I'll make
them buy me food
[Music]
you
okay so just about to pop off for rowing
outing I've made quite slow progress
through the physics questions like each
question is requiring me to think about
it quite a lot to actually get to the
answer and I'm also like going through
the lecture notes as I go to the
relevant parts and then making
flashcards on it and really
consolidating it all because I don't
want to do the questions just for the
sake of it like I'm doing the questions
to make sure I really understand that
part of the course anyway I'm leaving
that for the time being because I've got
to be at the Boathouse in like 10
minutes time okay it's why I'm back for
my rowing outing the swap this evening
which is now is probably the time to
explain what a swap is so basically a
swap is one like two groups usually from
two different colleges or two different
clubs or societies go out to a
restaurant and have food and there's
usually a few drinking games involved as
well for almost a year since my last
swap so it'll be interesting but I
thought why not do one tonight is with
the Boat Club Jesus Boat Club and
Pembroke Boat Club another College Boat
Club and we're all going to my tie which
is a restaurant in Cambridge
okay so I've done my hair and makeup and
I'm ready to go out now I thought I'd
get ready first because I don't like the
stress of having to get minute ready at
the last minute having spent too long on
my work so I've done the other way
around
I've got ready first hookers
prioritizing makeup of course overworked
who wouldn't and now I am back onto my
electromagnetic fields questions which
I've sudden you realize I've got quite a
few to do still off so that's the stress
and I'm still going out tonight to swap
ok so me and Ella a heading off to
please for the support freezer in one of
the rooms at college and then we're
going to walk to my tie
should be fine is endless first-ever
sport it is and I organized it he and
Ella and there is social circle of the
boat club so she is what I've known you
social one of the - one of the - of
course so this is the rather impressive
captain of the boats room at college and
it was where pre drinks were held
[Music]
[Applause]
alcohol is finished
[Music]
happy birthday yet thank you how's it
feel okay you are you're in the book
here's your moment
fans you know comment about me thanks
it's comedy happy birthday to add
tomorrow both me and Will are going out
with our parents oh we will separately
yeah family gatherings it should be good
where are you going well I'm going for
brunch with my parents in the morning
good morning so I've made it up I'm
expecting my parents to arrive very very
shortly like in 10 minutes time I've
wished my my room giving it a quick tidy
before they arrive so it's looking
looking in decent shape not gonna lie
I'm a teeny bit hungover this morning
but last night was so much fun
and I feel like brunch is the perfect
hangover cure as well so that should be
good we're not going to brunch in
college we're going to some sort of cafe
in Cambridge I think
that's pretty good one of my um story
hey did a potential having my dude look
at this nothing ridiculous
so milk gate continues I've just been
down to the jib and my milk has gone
down to like this much left in the
bottle like I've literally had a splash
of it myself and basically the whole
bottle has been drunk by other people it
seems so I've just messaged the group
chat and been like this communal milk
still supposed to be happening maybe
there's some misunderstanding and people
for what it was communal but it wasn't
intended to be but like I'm happy to
share milk if they just identify
themselves and buy me milk next week
the reason I'm back in my room is
because I've got quite a few bits and
pieces of work I want to get done and
I'm going in two hours time or just
under two hours time to an ambassador
training thing as well so if I get two
hours of work done now that's good
[Music]
my mouthy ambassadors training it's very
busy lots of freshers so I just realized
I never actually explained what this
ambassadors thing is basically it's all
about students helping with outreach
events run by the college so the
ambassador's thing lasted two hours
earlier so we had a talk on what they do
and best of us it's quite good because
you could even choose at which like
reach events that you do and it sounds
like something I want to get involved in
okay it's time for dessert and let's
face it it's the best carlene's
chocolate mousse this morning because to
get on my bike and since I'm meeting my
parents after lectures it'd be annoying
if I didn't have my bike in town having
to cycle it back and it also meant I
could have a breakfast bar on the way to
lectures because I didn't have time for
breakfast this morning it's a busy
morning lots of people going about their
day
what's the buses what's the cyclists
classic Cambridge this would usually be
me on a bike because you job
today and next this morning look good
with you update us how's life online
what are you doing at the moment are you
applying to uni but you've already got
an offer right yeah and what course are
you going to have rifle web site a book
Human Sciences that are clean to me
so that's the object from my sister
she's doing well
she's also 18 now she could her birthday
the other day so she is an adult she may
not act like one but she is an adult
[Laughter]
we're going to the library
[Music]
okay so I've just got in from the
library and I dropped off my work and
handed it in on the way back from the
library it's so that's good but oh my
god
I am so tired and like I just don't know
where all this work has come from like I
swear like two days ago I was like I'm
just ahead of my work and now I feel so
behind like I'm literally there's a
deadline every single day I'm gonna do
another hour of work this evening
because I do want to prepare for my
practical tomorrow because my lab
tomorrow does count towards my final
grade for this year
okay so I've looked over the stuff for
practical a little bit tomorrow my lab
doesn't start till 10:00 tomorrow and
that gives me maybe an hour's worth of
work in the morning if I start working
at 8:40 and then tomorrow evening I've
got another set of questions that are
doing on Wednesday morning to get done
tomorrow evening and by the looks of
things I'm also gonna get done some more
physics questions that I didn't think
needed doing but I actually do need
completing before Wednesday you can see
things have suddenly got very very
hectic out of nowhere so good morning I
am up this morning so my supervisor
emailed us at 11 o'clock got me evening
last night being like oh please could
you prepare your answers to these
questions and hand them in by 6 o'clock
tomorrow now they send that at 11
o'clock yesterday evening and I've got a
loud but 10 to 5:45 today so like it's
like literally impossible for me to do
that work and hand that in when they
he given me warning at eleven o'clock
last night and I've got a lap till 5:45
today okay so I'm midway through my lab
and I've just had my lunch break and I'm
having a bit of a mare like I'm so
behind I'm working by myself because
that was an odd number in the class I
got back from labs at like just past six
and I went to CAF as well to get dinner
and that brings me to now like as you
might have guessed from earlier the lab
was pretty stressful because I was
working by myself because I was an odd
number of people in the class there was
a lot more time pressure on me to get
all the tasks done and the labs at I'm
pressured as it is like I had a
10-minute lunch today hello and welcome
to my breakdown oh my god
I'm so stressed you have no idea I'm
just staring these maths questions and
like everyone I'm like okay well I don't
know I look at that question that's gone
to the next one see that's something I
sell I look at the next question
stir it for a while I think there has to
be a question like don't even know where
to start I really don't get this stuff
generally I need to stop stressing like
this stuff is not worth getting upset
over but like oh I just think I'm
putting a lot of pressure on myself this
term and I'm just so determined to keep
up like the thought of dropping behind
just literally makes me really really
upset so yeah a little bit of a work
crisis so the world seems against me
this morning because the dog walked to
where I was honey of my work was locked
so I had to wake the porter to unlock it
and so now speak walking to lectures
also I forgot my glasses so I have to go
practice don't hate to start off with
and
going well literally left so much time
this morning but then spent like 10
minutes waiting for the door to be
unlocked at Sidney Sussex like why does
this happen to me I'm really wishing I
have my bike right now I made it to
lectures and got a much-needed coffee
okay so a quick update I've just had a
extremely quick lunch like I literally
had to speed walk back from lectures
have lunch in 10 minutes and I'm now
heading off to a super vision and then
after that Steve vision I have to cycle
at high speed to watch Cambridge for
another super vision and then I'll
probably speak to you again at that
point because that's face it between now
and then I am very very very busy okay
so me and Tim were about to cycle back
to college after our supervision in West
Cambridge but Tim's bike is broken here
we have Tim doing some DIY his chain has
got caught in yeah it's just it's very
much caught and it did it earlier and
now I think this bike needs a bit of a
service possibly comment down below and
I happen to you before have you ever had
to deal with this situation and if so
how would you solve yeah that is No okay
so this look will be going off in a week
or so so we'll be here till 1:00 okay so
I'm back from West Cambridge had to
leave Tim there you know couldn't get
back but now more to a careers event
because they care about my career centre
for mathematical sciences exciting
it's very busy okay so me and Tim have
made out of the event we've lost you Joe
in there and you know we were thinking
of leaving but we've realized we can't
actually go without him because our
bikes are all chained together and I've
been asking about the actuarial
profession because it is something I am
considering and input part internships
and the like there was like a flavor so
we'll see oh it's peach getting in this
okay some back of my room and I've got
some work to do this evening so I'm
going to start by doing that and then I
also wanted to look at internships
online and I wanted to edit a video but
I'm gonna get my work done first so
that's not gonna build up and stress me
out and then I'll do the other self so
yeah I think I'm gonna end the vlog here
so please do like the video if you
enjoyed it subscribe to see more videos
from me including more cambridge blogs
and hit the notification belt so you
know when I upload and I will see you
soon with another video bye
[Music]